Meeting Agenda
Date: 2017-04-27
Chair: Jonatan Källman 
Participants: Jonatan Källman, Filip Labe, Erik Sjöström, Sarosh Nasir
1. Objectives (5 min). Resolve any issues preventing the team to
continue.

We are currently handling minor merge conflicts from branches to master, other than that there are
no issues preventing us to continue working.

2. Reports (15 min) from previous meeting

Since last meeting we have been working on issues listed on Git and merged most branches.
We have implemented MVP for our models and written some general stuff on the SDD.
We have made a test module where there are currently only tests for the PlayerModel, 
but we plan on adding a lot more tests there.

3. Discussion items (35 min)
- Discuss issues from 1 and 2, possibly new or more general issues (very short notes and/or
keywords)

Main things:
Create more tests.
System decomposition - Split up files into packages for better structure.
Prepare for showing our system design at the next meeting with the teacher assistant.
Work on issues on Git.

4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min)
- Outcomes from 3). I.e. write down what's decided and why it was decided? Sync with other
documentation (add terms to wordbook)
- From outcomes, 1), 2) and 3) (re)assign each group member issues to solve.

We have assigned some issues on Git as usual. 
We have decided that, since we have worked with at least one model each in the MVP implementation,
that each of us should write tests for the model that we worked with. 
We will prepare for showing our system design to the teacher assistant next Monday.

5. Wrap up
- Write down unresolved issues for next meeting.
- Time and location for next meeting

Issues listed on Git:
Implement Map/ Area/ Level tests
Implement Home and Shop tests
Separate the code handling the player into its own package
App icon
Implement MainPresenter as a main communicator between views and models
Add persistant gold indicator to activities
Bottom bar activity indicator
Implement bottom bar as a fragment
Create class for boss monster
Save player state when exiting app

General issues: 
See discussion items.

Our next meeting: 2017-05-01
