Meeting Agenda
Date: 2017-04-06
Chair: Jonatan Källman 
Participants: Jonatan Källman, Filip Labe, Erik Sjöström, Sarosh Nasir
1. Objectives (5 min). Resolve any issues preventing the team to
continue.

We have no particular issues, mainly that we need to merge branches to master in git.

2. Reports (15 min) from previous meeting
Since last meeting, a lot has happened. We have started on a functioning GUI (activites in Android Studio).
Some of the more simple Use cases are implemented in our program already.
We have not yet created any tests or such, only simple Java files and a bit of GUI.
We have also started handling out/ assigning issues (code and etc) to each other on Git.

3. Discussion items (35 min)
- Discuss issues from 1 and 2, possibly new or more general issues (very short notes and/or
keywords)

Main things are;
Start creating tests for our Java classes.
Start with the SDD (System Design Document).
Assigning and discussing upcoming issues on Git.

4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min)
- Outcomes from 3). I.e. write down what's decided and why it was decided? Sync with other
documentation (add terms to wordbook)
- From outcomes, 1), 2) and 3) (re)assign each group member issues to solve.

The tests for the Java classes will be posted as issues on Git that will be assigned to members of the group depending on workloads etc.
The SDD will be constructed in a similar way, different parts of the document will be assigned through git.
Jonatan was assigned to make the Map, Area and Level classes. 
Sarosh was assigned to work on the Design model UML and the Shop class.
Filip was assigned to make the Monster as well as the Monster factory classes.
Erik was assigned to create the Player class andthe stats layout.
As for upcoming issues assigned for each member, that is something that happens very much "on the go". 

5. Wrap up
- Write down unresolved issues for next meeting.
- Time and location for next meeting

Issues listed on Git:
Make bossMonster a class.
Saving player state.
Creating a chronometer (timer) for bossMonster.
Updating the player state should be implemented in a clever way.

General issues: 
See discussion items.

Our next meeting is not decided yet.